Ensure mDNS is functioning properly on MacOS (#1505)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/service-invocation/service-invocation-overview.md

Dapr can run on any [hosting platform]({{< ref hosting >}}). For the supported hosting platforms this means they have a [name resolution component](https://github.com/dapr/components-contrib/tree/master/nameresolution) developed for them that enables service discovery. For example, the Kubernetes name resolution component uses the Kubernetes DNS service to resolve the location of other applications running in the cluster. For local and multiple physical machines this uses the mDNS protocol.

> > Note: [For local and physical machines, ensure mDNS is functioning properly.]({{< ref "common_issues.md#my-dapr-service-instance-is-missing-an-app-id-value-macos" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: [For local and physical machines, ensure mDNS is functioning properly.]({{< ref "common_issues.md#service-invocation-is-failing-and-my-dapr-service-is-missing-an-appId-macos" >}})
```
